Previously on Bates Motel...
So when can you sneak me
into my dad's office?
I wanna get some of his stuff,
if it's still there.
They're from a woman--
B.
"All my love, B."
Who's B?
You and I, we're together,
right?
I shouldn't have done it
with someone like you.
I don't think
you're a nice girl.
Zack Shelby owed me $150,000.
- Where is it?
- Where is what?
I need you
to bring me that money
tomorrow night
at the Seacliff Pier
at midnight.
Can you bring me my money?
Yes.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I need to speak to Sheriff
Romero right away, please.
It's a matter
of life and death.
What is your name, please?
Are you kidding me?
You don't know my name?
Norma Louise Bates.
We need to talk.
He told me to show up
with $150,000
at midnight at the docks.
Okay.
And what did you say?
I said yes,
I would bring him the money.
I mean, he had a gun
to my neck.
I don't have the money.
I don't know
anything about the money.
Okay.
All right.
I'll take care of it.
So what, I'm just
supposed to accept
that you will
"take care of it,"
whatever that means?
Yes, that's right.
- You need to trust me.
- Trust--
that is hard to do.
I'm the one who was supposed to
show up with money
that I know nothing about,
or he's gonna kill
my sons and me.
I mean, pardon me for being
a little concerned
- about what your plan is.
- No harm is gonna
come to you or your sons.
You have my word.
That's comforting.
Yep.
You look kind of pathetic.
Really?
I was just thinking
how glad I am
I don't have to get
all dressed up and go.
What a pain.
You should go.
No one invited me.
And I know that
doesn't do anything
for my pathetic quotient.
Do you want me to go with you?
No.
No, that's silly.
That's more than silly.
That's tragically lame.
Oh, I don't mind.
I'd like to.
Oh, please.
You're just asking me
because I'm friend
and you feel sorry for me.
Well, yeah.
Okay, jerk-off,
I'll go with you.
Here's some French toast left.
I need a gun.
Can you get me a gun
and teach me how to use it?
No.
What the hell
do you need a gun for?
Man.
Abernathy thinks
that I'm meeting him
at the dock at midnight
with 150 grand.
That's what this is about,
the dead body and everything.
He thinks I have the money,
but I don't.
So, you know, I tell Romero.
And you know what he says?
"I'll take care of it."
That's it, nothing else.
Nothing like
how that's gonna happen.
Nothing to make me feel safe.
I think that he is bad,
just like everyone else
around here.
I don't trust him.
I don't trust anyone.
- Oh, come on, Norma.
- Dylan, please.
Please, please, please.
Get me a gun.
Teach me how to use it.
I just wanna feel like
I can defend myself.
I'm sorry...okay?
You and a gun is a bad idea.
Sync & corrections by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
Ooh! Sorry.
Yeah, I guess.
Screw off, shithead!
Good morning, Dr. Kurata.
Oh, hello.
It's our session time, right?
Um, you cancelled last week
and never called to reschedule.
Oh, I'm--
there's just so much going on.
I'm so sorry.
Um, can you do it now?
Um...
okay.
Where's Norman?
He's already at school.
Ah. Hmm.
Well, please, come in.
Thank you.
I was wondering if you could
give me some advice
on how to handle stress.
Why are you feeling stress,
Norma?
Mm.
Just...stuff.
Like, normal life stuff.
How has everything
been going with Norman?
It's fine.
Fine--you know,
Norman's such a good boy.
He's not really why I'm here.
Not quite a boy though, is he?
Yeah, I-I guess
he is getting bigger, yeah.
Is it gonna be hard for you
when he leaves?
When he leaves to go where?
College?
Oh, right.
Um...
well, you know,
he'll probably just go locally,
given our money and all.
Hmm.
Let me ask you this.
When you were a little girl,
is this what you thought
parenting would be like?
When I was a little girl?
When I was a little girl, um...
yeah, I don't know.
I don't remember.
Do you remember anything
about being little?
Yeah. Well, yeah,
sure, yeah.
But just, like,
normal, usual stuff.
Well, what were
your parents like?
My dad was very kind.
You know, just like
the kind of guy
who would smile at you
all the time,
no matter what, you know?
You'd--you would feel like
he would just
take care of everything.
Um, my mom...
um, she worked in a bakery.
Um, she always
smelled like cookies.
Your parents are gone now?
Yeah, they're both gone.
Do you have any siblings?
No. I am an only child.
Oh, I don't feel well.
Oh, it's my stomach.
I'm sorry.
You know what?
I'm just gonna
have to reschedule.
I'm sorry about that.
Norma, are you okay?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm fine.
I just need to go home.
Why do you keep calling me?
I told you, I don't have
anything else to say to you.
Just stop bothering me!
I said leave me alone.
You can't say that to me.
Are you k--
Eric, don't call me again.
You hear me?
Don't call me again!
And I mean it!
Are you all right?
Norman.
Norman, did you hear anything
that I was saying?
No, not really. No.
Well, if you did, please--
please just forget it.
Uh, I was just coming
to tell you
I definitely don't wanna
try and publish my story.
Wha--uh, because of your mother?
I just don't want to.
Okay.
Yeah, I--
I understand.
Um, please don't
tell anyone about today.
Okay.
Thank you.
I guess this means that
we have a secret now, huh?
You'll keep it for me,
won't you?
- Of course.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
Alex.
I haven't seen you
since my brother's service.
A bit weird--
nothing to bury but a hand.
Whatever.
What the hell
brings you to my--
What happened to your face?
I don't remember.
Okay. We're getting off
on the wrong track here.
It's not a social visit,
Maggie.
I know you did the bookkeeping
for your brother
and Shelby's
little business--
importing girls from Asia
and selling them.
In fact, I've got
all your paperwork.
It's nice and neat.
Did Jake Abernathy
do this to you?
I don't know who that is.
I'm referring to your brother
and Shelby's third partner.
You mean Joe Fioretti.
He drives a black Cadillac.
About 50, blondish hair--
Yeah, that'd be him.
A few days ago, he came looking
for some money
that Shelby ow him.
I don't have it.
He said he was gonna kill me.
And I guess
he finally believed me.
And how'd you contact Fioretti?
He always contacted us
when a shipment was coming in.
So you have no way
to reach him?
- No.
- Anything else?
Any idea where he is right now?
He told me he was running
the same type of thing
in four different ports
up and down the coast.
All right.
What happens now?
To me.
Um, nothing,
if you keep your mouth shut,
or I'll be back.
Okay.
Take care of yourself, Maggie.
Hello, it's Norma Bates.
Yeah, I know I just called,
but I just wanna make sure
that Sheriff Romero
is still having
the house patrolled,
because I haven't seen
a car go by in a while.
Okay, fine.
Yeah, just making sure.
Thank you.
Hi. Sorry I'm late.
I saw the cutest dress
at the vintage store
for the dance tonight.
- You're going to a dance?
- Yeah.
Norman's taking me.
Oh, when did that happen?
Today.
I hope that's okay.
Yeah, no, I'm glad he is.
I just didn't
hear anything about it.
Well, anyway,
tell me if you like this dress.
I love it.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Will you--will you
hold it up to you?
I wanna see
how it looks with heels.
Oh, it looks amazing.
Is this a spot, or is it just
the nap in the fabric?
Um, it's just the nap
of the fabric.
It's, uh--
it's nothing. That's just
an accident from childhood.
I spilled some hot chocolate
on my leg.
That must've hurt.
Yeah, I don't know.
It was a long time ago.
It was, like, in Florida
in the old house.
I was two years old.
I love the dress!
Hey.
I got something for you.
I changed my mind.
Thank you.
Don't make me regret this.
Mm-hmm.
Come on. I'll teach you
how to shoot it.
So first of all,
you need to learn
how to hold it properly, okay?
Now face the target.
Your feet spread
shoulder-width apart, all right?
You'll have a good,
stable base.
No, shoulder-width apart.
All right.
Okay, now, hands like this.
Okay.
Now gun all the way out, right?
- Your arms locked.
- Mm-hmm.
I want you to aim
at that big bottle
- on the right.
- Mm-hmm.
'Cause you're gonna line up
this bar here
at the end of the barrel,
right there on that notch.
Uh-huh.
And I'm gonna pull back
the hammer.
I didn't say shoot!
Did I say shoot?
Well, I had the bottle
in the sights.
You don't shoot
until I tell you to shoot.
Well, why'd I miss?
Because it takes a while.
Are you gonna wait
until I tell you
- to pull the trigger this time?
- Okay!
Okay, yes.
So what kind of a job
do you have
that you're carrying a gun?
- I guard stuff.
- What kind of stuff?
Weed. Pot fields.
I don't like that!
Norma, do you see?
- Do you see this right now?
- What?
No, this is exactly why
I didn't tell you.
I-I don't need you passing judgment
on me or anything that I do.
Okay, I am 22 years old.
I'm an adult.
Eh, barely.
Who's not the adult?
I'm trying to teach you
how to use a firearm,
and you're doing
whatever the hell you want.
This is serious shit!
Okay, okay.
I will follow your instructions,
I promise.
I--okay.
Okay, get--
get in the right stance.
And then once
you have a good aim...
Mm-hmm.
I want you
to squeeze the trigger.
Okay, don't--
don't yank on it.
- Okay.
- Just gently squeeze it,
okay, mom?
Aah!
Look at that.
- Did you see that?
- Son of a bitch.
You called me mom.
- What?
- Yeah.
You haven't done that in, like,
I don't know how long.
Yeah, well,
you have a loaded gun
in your hand, Norma.
I'm so scared.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
But from everything I hear,
Romero's the man in this town.
Okay? So you're gonna
have to trust him
to do what he says.
I know that
might be hard for you,
but that's what
you're gonna have to do.
- You're empty.
- Load it.
Are you Norma Bates?
How can I help you?
Um, I'm Maggie Summers.
My family
used to own this place.
Oh.
Um, I came here
to tell you something.
Yes?
If--if you have that money,
give it up.
Look, I know this guy,
the one you're calling
Abernathy.
Me and my brother Keith
worked with him.
He will kill you.
Hey, Norman.
Hey.
Is Dylan here?
Dylan.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'll get him.
Oh, come in.
- Hey.
This is the stuff
from his desk.
Thank you for doing this.
Yeah.
Hmm.
Well, I'm gonna go
finish my homework.
It was really nice of you
to do this for me.
It's no big deal.
At least you have it now.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm glad.
Oh, um, I forgot.
I also found this.
Oh, my dad's watch.
Thank you.
Anytime.
Even though we did
almost get shot.
Yeah, that was crazy.
Okay.
Well, this is it.
I won't bug you anymore.
No, you can--
you can bug me.
It's fine.
You can bug me anytime.
Oh.
Mother!
What?
I need some black socks.
Well, did you check
in your drawer?
Oh, it never occurred to me
to look in my drawer.
Well, what am I supposed to do?
I can't go to this stupid dance
wearing white socks
with a suit!
Well, I don't know where
your stupid black socks are!
It's not my fault you decided
to go last minute to a dance!
What am I supposed to do,
darn some socks?
I've got some black socks
he can use.
Hmph.
Listen, mom's
a little stressed out,
so take it easy on her, okay?
Thanks for the tip.
You okay?
I'm fine.
You know, I was only
helping Bradley
because some of her dad's stuff
was at work.
Yeah, whatever.
It doesn't matter to me.
I'm over her.
If you want to go out with her,
go for it.
I'm not going out with her.
No, but you want to.
Who wouldn't?
This is a stupid conversation.
Yeah, all conversations
are stupid.
Just "Blah, blah, blah,"
like rats
trying to find our way out
through a maze,
like it has some purpose
or meaning, but it doesn't.
Okay, now you're
creeping me out.
Just do what you want
as far as Bradley's concerned.
She probably likes you.
You should ask her out.
I should.
Yes, you should.
I'm fine.
I'm completely, 100% over her.
What time is Emma
picking you up?
Soon.
The dance starts at 8:00.
When is it over?
Midnight.
What is it?
Norman,
can I tell you something
that I've never told anybody?
You were never
old enough before,
but I-I think you are now.
Yeah. What?
I grew up in Akron, Ohio.
- That's not what--
- I know.
I-I know I've said
a lot of things,
but this is the truth.
And I want someone to know
the truth about me
in this world,
and I'd like that to be you,
if you're okay with that.
Yeah, of course I am.
My brother used to make me
have sex with him...
when I was, like, 13.
And it went on
until he moved out.
Oh, I know I shouldn't
have told you.
I shouldn't have told you.
It's just you're the person
that I'm closest to
in this world.
I understand, mother.
When I realized
just how messed up that was,
I couldn't tell anyone.
We had so much trouble.
There was no money.
My mom was already checked out
of her body.
My dad was insane.
He was so violent.
I knew that if I told my dad,
he would kill my brother,
so I never told.
One day, when my dad
was supposed to be at work,
my brother
was doing things to me,
and I heard the front door open
and it was my dad,
home unexpectedly.
And I was so scared
that I jumped up so fast.
And the hot iron
fell off the ironing board,
and it hit my leg.
I'm so sorry, mother.
Anyway, you know, it--
it doesn't really matter,
right?
It was a long time ago.
It's just that
I want to tell some--
I wanted someone to know this
about me in case--
in case, um...
oh, I don't know why.
I don't know why.
Hi. Is Norman ready?
Emma, you look beautiful.
Come on in.
Look at Emma!
Norman?
Wow, you look great.
You, too.
You ready to go?
Okay. You two have fun.
You look so handsome.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Hello?
I just wanted to make sure
you hadn't
forgotten about our appointment
at midnight.
No, I haven't.
Great.
See you then.
And please, don't think about
doing anything stupid.
♪ Everybody's got a secret
to hide ♪
♪ everyone
is slipping backwards ♪
♪ I drank the water
and I felt all right ♪
♪ I took a pill
almost every night ♪
I should probably tell you,
but...
I have never
been to a dance before.
I haven't either.
It's not too late to leave.
No.
No, we're doing this.
♪ Everyone
is slipping backwards ♪
♪ I can't remember
if I like what I said ♪
it went straight to my head ♪
♪ I kept a bottle
by the foot of the bed ♪
♪ I put a pillow
right on top of my head ♪
I need a drink.
♪ Is dancing with me ♪
♪ cheek to cheek ♪
♪ there's nobody here ♪
♪ it's just you and me ♪
♪ it's where I want to be ♪
♪ but I hardly know ♪
♪ this beauty by my side ♪
♪ I'll never forget ♪
You still like her, don't you?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
Bradley.
It's pretty obvious.
Oh. That's ridiculous.
No. You know
what's ridiculous?
Me, thinking you'd
take me to the dance,
and see me all dressed up,
and realize you actually
have feelings for me,
Norman Bates, because you do,
but you're just too stupid
to know it.
I think I better go.
- Yeah, I'll go with you.
- No, I don't want you to.
You can get a ride home
with someone else.
Uh, norm, can I talk to you
outside for a sec?
♪ Sweet little Janie ♪
♪ she got the jeans
with the butterflies ♪
♪ on the back pockets ♪
♪ sweet little Janie ♪
What is it?
Leave Bradley alone, okay?
I'm not bothering her.
I haven't even spoken to her.
Look, I know what happened,
okay?
I mean, you, uh--
You took advantage of her
after her father died.
She just invited me over
and I--
♪ I never felt so bad ♪
Stay away from her.
♪ Persuasion ♪
♪ all this guilty temptation ♪
♪ for my sunburnt love ♪
♪ died in the autumn rain ♪
Norman!
What are you doing
walking in the rain?
Come on, get in.
What happened to your eye?
Oh, I got in a fight.
What?
Or actually, I got punched.
The other guy was fine.
Norman, that's a nasty cut.
Why don't you come to my place,
and I'll clean up your eye,
and I can drive you home.
Yeah, okay.
Okay.
Who are you?
Oh, I'm Alex Romero.
What do I call you?
Abernathy? Fioretti?
I go by a lot
of different names.
Why don't you call me Joe?
All right, Joe.
What happened to
the cute-but-nutty lady
who runs the motel?
She's no longer involved.
You kill her?
Let's just say it's handled.
Is that for me?
I thought we could talk first,
you know,
come to an understanding.
- About what?
- Well, Joe,
if you're gonna
run a business in my town,
I should know about it.
Was running a business--
past tense.
Well, maybe that
doesn't have to be the case.
You had the wrong partners.
Well, it wasn't like I could
put an ad on Craigslist.
How'd you get my money?
Now, that's part of what
you need to understand.
This is my town, Joe.
You want to keep your business
going here,
then you got to go through me.
We make a new deal.
50-50.
That's more than Keith
and Shelby got combined.
That's because
they were idiots.
Going forward,
you're paying me for certainty,
for professionalism.
And to that end, Joe,
I make all the decisions
about who else in this town
is involved.
That's it?
I put a cell number for you
on a card.
It's in the bag.
Not in my town,
you piece of shit.
You can go home now, Norma.
I almost shot you!
When I say "Trust me,"
trust me.
I made you some tea.
That's very nice of you.
Of course.
Let me clean up that eye.
Okay?
You probably shouldn't
tell anyone that you came here.
Don't worry.
Doesn't look bad.
I got most of the dirt
out of it, anyway.
All right.
I'm going to go change quickly.
- Okay.
- I'll drive you home.
Thanks.
What kind of a grown woman
invites a teenage boy
into her house
and changes her clothes
- where he can see her?
- That's not what she's doing.
Of course it is.
No. No, no,
she's trying to help me.
She's trying to seduce you.
That's not true.
Then why doesn't she
close the door?
Because--
Because she knows
you're watching her.
- She does not!
- Of course she does.
She wants you to see her body.
- She wants you to want her.
- Stop!
Norman...
you know what you have to do.
Mother!
Norman?
Norman, what happened?
I don't know.
Emma got upset and had to leave
and Miss Watson
was going to give me a ride,
but the next thing I remember,
I was just
running on the road alone,
trying to get home.
It's okay, Norman.
Everything's all right now,
Norman.
You're home and we're safe.
Everything is good.
Yeah. Everything is good,
Norman, finally.
Everything is good.
Maybe we should
get out of the cold.
Let's go build a fire.
How's that sound?
That sounds perfect.
Sync & corrections by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org